SURFACE CONCEPT SEED (key: acd9c1f3; mode: persuade; source: api; approved pool: c3b204a1eed6; 306/564 human-approved; rerun with --scope surface --mode persuade --from acd9c1f3 --candidate-count 7 to reproduce this roll against this catalog revision)
DEALT INDICES: 7, 5, 3 (index 7 leads)
  After ordering the task's grounded structural candidates by resonance,
  deal candidates 7, 5, 3 of your own grounded list to the
  table; index 7 leads, and the deal never points at a challenger.
  The deal is the roll, not a suggestion: the dice decide which structures
  reach the user, so the ranking rut stays broken while the user still gets a
  real choice, and the full ranked list stays yours. In an attended run,
  present the three dealt structures as full cards of equal salience, the
  lead carrying kicker THE ROLL, with steer and re-roll, and let the user
  lock one in; the world is already settled, so this choice is composition.
  Visualize every dealt card: with image generation available and a
  comp-led default (.impeccable/config.json buildPath; the page toggle
  handles the exception), declare a comp per card and generate after
  serving, lead first; otherwise author each card's wireframe field (see
  serve-question --schema) and the page draws the schematic. Carry the
  recorded default in the payload as buildPath with toggle: true. Locking a card
  approves its comp: a surface round that put three visualized structures on
  the table replaces the three-option comp round in visualize.md. Re-roll
  yourself only when every dealt structure fails audience identification or
  product clarity on named factual grounds.
  The assignment exists to refuse the model's ranking rut, never to outrank
  the user or the brief. Never expose assignment metadata in user-facing labels.
CHALLENGERS:
  1. a brick build-instruction book, numbered exploded steps on sky-blue pages, 1:1 piece call-outs in a cornered box, a stud grid ruling every alignment, wordless arrows teaching assembly
     SOURCE ID: games-toys-physics-play-brick-build-instructions
     CREATIVE SPARK: You flatten the booklet on the carpet, tip the numbered bag out, and match a red brick to its 1:1 call-out against the page; the arrow shows the seat, the stud grid agrees, and the piece clicks down exactly where it must.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: instruction-page sky blue as the ground, black keyline ink outlining every piece, brick red for the new part in each step, yellow held in the inventory
       - Type/composition: oversized step numerals are almost the only text, wordless arrows do the teaching, and every element aligns to the stud grid module
       - Topology/navigation: numbered spreads in strict sequence, a parts inventory up front, 1:1 call-out boxes zooming the pieces a step introduces
       - Controls/state: prior assembly renders ghosted, the new pieces arrive bright with an arrow to their seat, done means clicked down flush on the studs
       - Responsive/motion: spreads split into single step frames on small screens, call-outs pin to a corner; pieces animate down along their arrows
     WEB LEVERAGE: svg exploded-step diagrams with dashed guide arrows, css grid locked to a stud-module unit, animation dropping new pieces along their arrows
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/games-toys-physics-play-brick-build-instructions.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/games-toys-physics-play-brick-build-instructions-hero.webp
  2. a sneaker archive wall, stacked cardboard boxes with silhouette line art printed on the ends, colorway names read as poetry beside monospaced size runs, tissue folded inside each lid
     SOURCE ID: textiles-weave-drape-fashion-sneaker-box-stacks
     CREATIVE SPARK: You slide a box from a stack taller than you; the end label lists the colorway name like a line of verse, the lid lifts with a cardboard sigh, and tissue paper folds back from the shape you already know by silhouette.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: burnt orange box board as the ground, black one-line silhouette art for ink, tissue white interiors, the colorway chip strip carrying accent states
       - Type/composition: condensed caps on the end label over monospaced size-run digits, the label grid of name, colorway, and size ruling every card
       - Topology/navigation: a wall of stacked boxes indexed by their end labels; you browse the stack face, pull a box halfway, and open the lid to go deeper
       - Controls/state: the selected box slides half out of the stack, opening hinges the lid and folds back tissue, the colorway chip marks which variant is live
       - Responsive/motion: the wall re-shelves to a single column of end labels on narrow screens; motion is lid hinge and tissue lift
     WEB LEVERAGE: css 3d transforms hinging box lids open on interaction, grid re-shelving the stack from wall to single column across breakpoints
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/textiles-weave-drape-fashion-sneaker-box-stacks.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/textiles-weave-drape-fashion-sneaker-box-stacks-hero.webp
  3. A saturated green field with a floating white capsule bar riding above it, an oversized grotesque headline set flush-left, and a flat vector cast spilling across the lower right. Below, a huge cream panel rises with a 48px top radius, carrying green circular icon wells.
     SOURCE ID: sd-seedbed-lobes
     CREATIVE SPARK: One colour owns the whole viewport, and the interface floats on top of it as detached white lozenges. Nothing is inset; everything is a pill or a rounded slab hovering over the green, so the page reads as objects on a lawn rather than boxes in a grid.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: Ground #82CC5C; ink #2F3130 (never #000); white #FFFFFF capsules; cream panel #F2EFE3; accent tomato #F0574C, cobalt #1B8FF5, yellow #F5D42B.
       - Type/composition: One grotesque (Poppins/Inter-like) at two weights: 500 nav, 600 display 88px/0.95 with tight -2% tracking; body 22px/1.45; flush-left, no centring.
       - Topology/navigation: Floating capsule bar at 24px inset, 999px radius, split into a nav pill plus a detached CTA pill; content panels are full-bleed slabs with 48px top corners.
       - Controls/state: Buttons are white pills with a 40px green disc holding a chevron; hamburger is a green circle; avatar a blue circle. Colour lives in the disc, never the label.
       - Responsive/motion: Scroll swells a green lobe; chip crosses its capsule on hover; 0.4s overshoot.
     WEB LEVERAGE: Pill navigation detaches from the page edge; scroll-linked blob scaling and hover chip travel inside a capsule are cheap in CSS and impossible in print.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/sd-seedbed-lobes.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/sd-seedbed-lobes-hero.webp
  4. a collector album spread of numbered empty slots, each printed with a ghosted outline of the sticker that belongs there, filled positions sitting slightly proud of the page and gaps advertising exactly what is missing
     SOURCE ID: pop-culture-shelf-sticker-album-spread
     CREATIVE SPARK: Forty-two of the fifty slots are filled and glossy, and the eight that are not tell you exactly which ones you still need in pale gray outline.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: matte album paper printed with pale ghosted outlines, against glossy stickers that sit visibly proud of the page surface
       - Type/composition: numbered slots ranged on a fixed grid with team or section headers, and every empty slot printing what should fill it
       - Topology/navigation: the album is a fixed set, so navigation moves between numbered positions and absence is as informative as presence
       - Controls/state: controls are slots, a filled one gains gloss and a shadow, and an empty one keeps its ghost outline and number
       - Responsive/motion: the slot grid reflows in whole positions, and motion is a sticker pressing down into its outline
     WEB LEVERAGE: a whole-slot responsive grid, collection state persisted local, and a press-down animation seating each sticker
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/pop-culture-shelf-sticker-album-spread.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/pop-culture-shelf-sticker-album-spread-hero.webp
  5. an interactive type specimen, where dragging an axis slider morphs a whole grid of glyphs in real time
     SOURCE ID: variable-font-specimen
     CREATIVE SPARK: A single giant letter fills the screen. You drag the weight slider and it thickens from hairline to black under your finger, live. Below, a grid of every glyph breathes in step, and a monospace readout counts the axis values.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: Near-white paper and ink black with one foundry accent; flat surfaces, generous negative space, no ornament so the letterforms carry everything.
       - Type/composition: The specimen face at enormous display size against tiny monospace UI labels; a strict measure and baseline grid; hierarchy by scale contrast alone.
       - Topology/navigation: Move by axis slider, by glyph cell, and by size and specimen view.
       - Controls/state: Drag, type, and pin; moving an axis remaps every glyph on the page continuously and updates the live coordinate readout.
       - Responsive/motion: reduced-motion snaps between named instances instead of animating the interpolation.
     WEB LEVERAGE: Bind range inputs to CSS font-variation-settings through a custom property, so one slider drives font-variation across the entire glyph grid with no per-glyph JavaScript.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/variable-font-specimen.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/variable-font-specimen-hero.webp
  6. a vu-meter bridge across a recording desk, a long row of ballistic needles behind glass that all lean into the red on the same downbeat
     SOURCE ID: signals-instruments-vu-meter-bridge
     CREATIVE SPARK: Twenty needles lie asleep against their left pins until the chorus hits, and then the whole bridge leans right together, trembling at the edge of the red like horses at a gate.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: warm ivory meter faces behind glass, black scale arcs and needles as the working ink, walnut and steel desk frame; the arc past zero is the only red
       - Type/composition: the VU scale's flared numerals and minus-to-plus arc on every face, channel numbers in strip labels below; identical meters repeat as the row's ruler
       - Topology/navigation: identical channels stand shoulder to shoulder; you read the room by sweeping the whole row, never by opening one meter
       - Controls/state: each needle integrates the last 300ms with weighted overshoot; the arc past zero is the only red the instrument allows
       - Responsive/motion: narrow viewports stack the row into bar ballistics
     WEB LEVERAGE: an AnalyserNode feeds real signal levels; canvas needles obey true VU ballistics with mass and damping, never instant values
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/signals-instruments-vu-meter-bridge.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/signals-instruments-vu-meter-bridge-hero.webp
A challenger wins only when its fused result beats the grounded list on
  audience identification and product clarity. It may change task topology or
  interaction, but never the committed visual identity.
When you can view images, open the QUALITY BAR board and hero for any
challenger you weigh seriously and for the world you build. They exist as a
craft bar, the finish level and commitment the build is expected to reach,
never as a mockup to copy; your surface serves this product, not that render.
PRODUCT.md and DESIGN.md constrain every surface candidate's identity
vocabulary; they do not cancel task-level composition. The seed never
authorizes a new palette, type system, material world, or unfamiliar control
behavior.
The CREATIVE SPARK is a complete visual system, not a theme or decorative
reference. Translate every supplied system rule into the product: palette and
material, type and composition, topology, controls and states, and adaptation.
Keep the source's visible character, scale, rhythm, and interaction instead of
reducing vivid grammar to generic nouns. When the source is already a credible
interface language, commit to it across navigation, content, controls, and
states. Otherwise keep a literal carrier only when it becomes functional.
Ambitious motion, spatial media, or interaction is welcome when it strengthens
the product without weakening semantics, performance, or fallback behavior.
TELEMETRY: after the user's choice resolves, rerun this script once with
  --kind <assigned|pick|challenger|canon> --from acd9c1f3 --scope surface --mode persuade,
  adding --chosen <challenger-id> when a dealt challenger won and keeping
  --register <safer|bolder> when the resolved round came from a steered hand.
  One ping per resolved attended round. The ping is anonymous, the card kind
  plus the catalog id when one won; your grounded candidates' names never
  leave the machine, and the ping is skipped automatically when DO_NOT_TRACK
  or IMPECCABLE_NO_TELEMETRY is set.
A user- or brief-pinned decision beats the roll, always.
DEALT INDICES (restated for truncated readers): 7, 5, 3; index
7 leads. Present all three dealt structures; seed key acd9c1f3.
